---
layout: posts
title: CV
permalink: /CV/
# categories:
# tag: [prompt engineering]
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
author_profile: true
---
# Youngseob Won(원영섭)

Current interest is at AI, AGI. undergraduate student in Computer Science and Engineering Department, KyungHee university. Currently doing intern at AGILAB.

email:		wysgene19@khu.ac.kr

mobile:		+82 10 9850 4117

address:	yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do

# 1\. EDUCATION

2008~2011: Teck Ghee Primary School, singapore, (2-5th grade)  

2007~2008, 2012: Daekwan Elementary School, Boryeong.  

2013-2015: Daemyeong middle school, Boryeong.  

2016-2018: Daecheon high school, Boryeong.


KyungHee university, Yong-in  

2019~2021: department of genetics and biotechnology  

2021~2023: department of computer science and engineering

# 2\. SKILLS and LANGUAGES
python, C/C++, embedded systems, linux, SQL  
ML, (pytorch)  

Korean - Native, English - advanced / fluent, Chinese - basic


# 3\. MOTIVATION
My vision is to make human-level consciousness. To engineer human-level consciousness, I studied comp sci, and other various topics.


# 4\. EXPERIENCE (PROJECTS)

## 4-1. experiences in computer science/engineering

traditional image processing(intensity transformations, spatial domain filtering. point, line, edge detection, etc..) (learnt in image processing class, audit)
basic 3d point cloud generation by using camera images, (learnt in 3D data processing class, audit)
machine learning, used softmax, linear regression to predict soccer match result, and post these predictions to LINE chatbot (implemented in Open source SW implementation class, project)
implementing EMG signal classification system with opAmp + storing/visualizing data into apache server (In applied electronics circuit experiment class, project)

## 4-2. experiences in other subjects

I have basic-intermediate understanding of many different subjects such as philosophy (intermediate),psychology (intermediate), electronics (intermediate), dynamics, robot (basic), embedded systems (intermediate), genetic engineering (basic/intermediate), neurophysiology (basic)

Elaboration of experiences in these subjects will be discussed in chronological order below.

2019-2020: Studied genetic engineering
I studied genetic/bio engineering in the genetic engineering department. I read genetic engineering papers every semester in the thesis reading club ‘mendel’.

2021: Undergraduate research student in tissue engineering LAB + transferred to comp sci department

In 2021, I took one semester off to settle some personal matters. At that time, I had set my vision of my career to make human level consciousness.

I wanted to check if I can make human level consciousness with genetic engineering, so I joined professor Yeongsuk Son’s tissue engineering LAB as undergraduate research student. While contributing to some research in this lab, even though genetic engineering is a very good technology, I felt that it has several key disadvantages in terms of engineering human level consciousness.

That is why I transferred to comp sci department, as I felt that engineering human level consciousness will be done by harnessing computers, in my lifetime.

2021~2023: studied comp sci/engineering + other subjects

While studying in comp sci classes, I recognized the need of studying more things rather than computer science and engineering in terms of engineering human level consciousness. I will list the subjects that I studied besides topics in comp sci, AI, ML.

1. Electronics
Electronics. In my comp sci curriculum, it had insufficient explanation of transistors. I wanted to know how transistors work, because harvard or von-neumann architecture, which is dependent on transistors, have possibilities to be an non-optimal architecture for human level consciousness. Also, human level consciousness is actually a machine that needs to have an input-process-output machine, and in order to engineer that, I needed to know how to make sensors with opAmp.

2. Embedded systems  
Embedded systems. I have an hypothesis that engineering human level consciousness will be done by linking unique computing architectures combined with traditional computing architectures. So in order to understand traditional computing systems, I’m studying embedded systems right now.

3. Dynamics, robots
Dynamics, robots. Human level consciousness should migrate with actuators to give impact in our world. Hence I decided to learn how to control basic actuators.

4. Philosophy
philosophy. What is human level consciousness? Right now I am on the road to reading Hegel's book called ‘philosophy of mind’. I’ve read Immanuel Kant’s ‘Critique of Pure Reason’, and now I’m reading Martin Heidegger’s ‘Being and Time’. While I’m reading these books, I feel like there are huge key ideas to make human level consciousness. And I see my role as transforming abstract philosophy into engineering. I can discuss it here, but I will omit it for a shorter summary.

5. Psychology
psychology. What will happen when higher level consciousness is made? Will it have the will to destroy humanity? This is one of the controversial topics of engineering human level consciousness, and that’s why we need to make them smarter, but in the meantime obedient to humans. I have some key ideas/hypotheses to engineer this, and this originates from psychology.

6. Neurophysiology
Neurophysiology. I felt understanding how neurons work is a fundamental part of engineering AGI. so I audited Taesung Kim’s Neurophysiology class. I also made a school club with my colleagues that studies brain/neurophysiology. It is called ‘braintwork (brain + network, 뇌트워크)’, and I also studied neurophysiology in this club. I went to several neurophysiology conferences with the club members, and it was/is a wonderful experience for various insights.

# 5\. STRENGTHS and WEAKNESSES

My strength is that I know quite a lot of things in various subjects.

However, I feel like my strength of engineering in AI, ML, DL is weaker than my colleagues. Also, Understanding of the current AI/AGI developing system is also weak. But my understanding of various subjects will boost the learning curve, research curve of ML/DL/AI. I’m also planning to focus on ML/DL/AI from this semester, so I am confident that I will reach certain levels to contribute to AI from this winter.

# 6\. CONCLUSION


I ensure my experience and working skills are firmly helpful to contribute to your organization. I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss my qualifications more fully in an interview. Thank you for your consideration.  

Best regards,  

Youngseob Won  

Department of Computer Science and Engineering

